Hi, Thanks a lot for your application, and your patience! It took a long time to get through everything, especially since we received a huge number of applications for this position with a lot of great music. Unfortunately we have decided to go with another candidate, but we're making sure to keep your contact details on file for a future opportunity. We wish you all the best, and hope you manage to find another project to join!

Hi Xavier, Thank you so much for your patience and application. We understand that is hugely frustrating and we thank you so much for your time and effort in putting together an application. Please don’t be down heartened and do invite us to your upcoming events, we want to keep hearing from you and about you.

Dear Co-Commission Applicant, Thank you for applying to create artwork for the 5 Festivals Co-Commission We regret to inform you that you were not successful in your application. We received a wealth of high quality applications and the standard of the proposals was very high. Unfortunately, due to limited resources, we are unable to provide any feedback on the applications. 


Many apologies for the delay in replying - it has taken longer than we hoped as the volume and quality of proposal have been incredibly high and we really could have put forward almost any submissions and put on a great piece of work. Unfortunately we are only able to select one piece of work, and I'm afraid to say yours hasn't been chosen this time, I'm sorry I know this will be disappointing!


Dear Xavier, Thank you very much for your recent application to The Lowry’s Live Now commission programme. We appreciated the thought and effort that went into all the applications we received but unfortunately on this occasion we weren’t able to take your project through to the next stage. Your previous experience is interesting and the different elements of the performance you describe would offer a complex and distinctive experience for audiences.  However, the level of competition across the proposals we received was extremely strong and we ultimately felt that other applications were a better fit for this particular opportunity. Due to capacity constraints we won’t be able to give more detailed feedback on your application but we hope this gives you a little insight into our decision making. We’d like to thank you again for your interest and wish you all the best for your future endeavors.



Disclaimer - This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and contain privileged or copyright information. You must not present this message to another party without gaining permission from the sender. If you are not the intended recipient you must not copy, distribute or use this email or the information contained in it for any purpose other than to notify us.


Disclaimer
This message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual named. If you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate, distribute or copy this e-mail. Please notify the sender immediately by e-mail if you have received this e-mail by mistake and delete this e-mail from your system. 





